Key join bug-hunt/fix workflow.

Target diff:

  git diff master

Primary source focus:

  src/backend/parser/parse_key_join.c

During bug hunt and fix work, prioritize verified bugs whose root cause is in
this file. Source edits should normally be limited to this file; regression SQL
and expected-output updates still follow the inner-loop instructions below.

Exploratory database:

  psql -h localhost -p 5432 -d "test1"

You may execute any SQL queries against that database while hunting.

Only count bugs in these two classes:

  (a) soundness: an invalid key join is accepted when it should be rejected.
  (b) crash: key join handling crashes/asserts/panics/terminates PostgreSQL.

Formal key join definition:

A key join is an equijoin between two tables, the referencing table and the
referenced table, where the join predicate compares referencing columns in the
referencing table with referenced columns in the referenced table. The two
column lists have the same arity and pairwise comparable types.

The referenced multiset is the projection of the referenced table onto the
referenced columns, restricted to rows where every referenced column is
non-null.

The referencing multiset is the projection of the referencing table onto the
referencing columns.

An equijoin is a key join iff all of these hold:

1. Every element of the referenced multiset has multiplicity exactly one.
2. Every distinct referencing value whose columns are all non-null is present
   in the referenced multiset. Duplicate referencing values are allowed; the
   FK proof is value containment, not strict multiset subcontainment.
3. Either:
   - no element of the referencing multiset contains a null value, or
   - the referencing table is preserved via an outer join type.

Outer LLM loop, bug hunt:

1. Look for (a) and (b) bugs in the target diff.
2. Verify each candidate with SQL or a crash/assert trace. Record the exact
   SQL or trace and the observed bad behavior. A plausible issue without a
   concrete reproducer is not a verified bug and must not be fixed yet.
3. When a bug is verified, enter the inner loop.
4. If several distinct bugs are found together, queue them and let the inner
   loop fix them one at a time.
5. After the inner loop empties the queue, resume the outer loop.
6. Stop only when no more verified (a) or (b) bugs can be found.

Inner LLM loop, bug fix:

For each verified bug, separately:

0. Keep the bug boundary fixed. Fix only the behavior demonstrated by the
   verified reproducer. Do not broaden the patch to adjacent cases, helper
   cleanup, "just in case" defensive programming, or untested invariant
   changes. If another possible bug is noticed while fixing, return to the
   outer loop and verify it separately before changing code for it.

   In particular, do not turn an assertion into a runtime check unless the
   asserted condition itself is part of the verified bug or the change is
   strictly necessary to fix the verified reproducer. Untested caller
   invariants should remain assertions.

1. Add only the regression `.sql` reproducer, normally in:

     src/test/regress/sql/key_join.sql

   At this step, do not edit code and do not add or update any `.out` file.

2. Run:

     ./dev/rebuild.sh test

   Verify the new SQL hits the bug:
   - soundness bug: the invalid key join is accepted;
   - crash bug: the intended crash/assert/backend termination occurs.

3. Fix only that verified bug, with the smallest code change that explains the
   observed failure. Do not add speculative defensive programming or unrelated
   cleanup.

4. Run:

     ./dev/rebuild.sh test

   Inspect the generated result `.out` file and verify the bug is fixed. The
   expected result must follow from the verified reproducer and the minimal
   fix, not from a speculative behavior change.

5. If the generated output is correct, copy it to expected.

6. Run:

     ./dev/rebuild.sh test

   The test run must pass.

7. Commit only this bug fix:

     git commit --no-gpg-sign

Repeat the inner loop until all queued bugs are fixed, then resume the outer
loop.
